# PNG - Project Number Generator

PNG is a CLI program created to generate unique IDs for Harmony's project report sheets. The ids generated by this program have the format: `AAA-BB-#`, where:

- `AAA` is a three uppercase letter code identifying the team responsible for the project
- `BB` is a two uppercase letter code identifying the type of work
- `#` is a unique number

Upon first initialiation, it'll create a `png.sqlite` file in the same directory as the executable. This is its internal database file, that should be backed up from time to time to avoid loss of data.

The database comes preloaded with the following teams and work types:

- Teams
  - FOR
  - ANA
  - MIC
  - PRO
- Work Types
  - MA
  - ES
  - IC
  - PT
  - PP

## Instalation

### Windows

1. Build or download the `png.exe` file from the releases page.
2. Create a `png` directory in `C:\Program Files` and place it there (or any other directory of your choosing).
3. [Edit the `PATH` environment variable](https://www.howtogeek.com/787217/how-to-edit-environment-variables-on-windows-10-or-11/) to also point to the newly created `png` directory.

## Usage

PNG currently has only three commands: `add`, `list` and `help`. The following sections assume you are executing the commands inside a new Terminal or PowerShell window.

### `add`

The `add` command creates a new project for the given team and worktype. To use it, type:

`png add -t AAA -w BB`

where after `-t` comes the team code and after `-w` comes the work type code.

### `list`

The `list` command lists all teams and work types currently registered. To list all teams type:

`png list teams`

And to list all work types:

`png list worktypes`

### `help`

The `help` command displays a message explaining the commands that are available to you. It can be invoked for the whole program with:

`png help` or `png -h`

but it also can be invoked for each individual command:

`png add help` or `png add -h`

and:

`png list help` or `png list -h`
